docs/jaeger: add jaeger production configuration (#1664)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/monitoring/tracing/supported-tracing-backends/jaeger.md

### Setup

First create the following YAML file to install Jaeger, file name is `jaeger-operator.yaml`

> #### development/test configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Development and test
```

> defaultly, allInOne uses memory as the backend storage. If you use the YAML configuration to deploy in production environment, it is dangerous!!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the allInOne Jaeger image uses memory as the backend storage and it is not recommended to use this in a production environment.
```

        base-path: /jaeger
```

> #### production configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Production
```

> jaeger uses elasticsearch as the backend storage, you maybe create jaeger-secret to access elasticsearch server. see [Configuring and Deploying Jaeger](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/jaeger/jaeger_install/rhbjaeger-deploying.html)

Reviewer: Could you clarify this? Currently unclear.

> > kubectl create secret generic jaeger-secret --from-literal=ES_PASSWORD='xxx' --from-literal=ES_USERNAME='xxx' -n ${NAMESPACE}

Reviewer: Please use multi-line command block instead of note (```)
